Release Kapacitor v1.8.0 (#6156)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/kapacitor/v1/reference/about_the_project/release-notes.md

  - /kapacitor/v1/about_the_project/releasenotes-changelog/
---

## v1.8.0 {date="2025-06-26"}

> [!Warning]
> 

> > Python 2-based UDFs are deprecated as of Kapacitor 1.7.7 and are removed in this release. In case you are using Python 2
> > with your User-Defined Functions (UDFs) you need to upgrade them to be Python 3-compatible **before** installing this version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Python 2-based UDFs are deprecated as of Kapacitor 1.7.7 and are removed in this release. If you are using Python 2
> with your User-Defined Functions (UDFs), upgrade them to be Python 3-compatible **before** installing this version of Kapacitor.
```
